# AssignmentForm
Approach:
1.	Develop the complete system with a CONSOLE interface by extending the starting code given.(This should be completed by the 21st November)
2.	Create a new Graphical User Interface (GUI) project that reuses the fully working back end classes tested in part 1(Completed By December 4th).
An example of the console application menues (this menu layout is different from the one in the starting code)


Additional Notes:
•	You cannot add two events at the same venue on the same day (you must modify my code to accommodate this)

•	When you “View a particular event” (View event details option) all the customers who are attending must 
also have their customer identification number and name displayed.


You must extend the core design and add the functionality to allow a customer to register for an event using the system.


The information that must be recorded on an RSVP (Rapid serial visual presentation)
 is as follows:
•	The date of the RSVP was done ( a string)
•	A unique RSVP number must be assigned by the system. (NOT entered by the user)
•	The event object the RSVP is being made for.
•	The customer object the RSVP is being made for.
Note : you can use the following code to get the date and time from your system as a string…
string date = DateTime.Now.ToString(@"MM\/dd\/yyyy h\:mm tt");
Your main menu should have the new options:
•	RSVP for event
•	View RSVPs

RSVP for event
When the “Make RSVP” option is selected, a list of all customers and all events should be displayed first. 
The user must then be asked for the Customer id and event id to make the RSVP for.
A RSVP can only be made if there is free space in the event, the customer id exists and the event  id exists. 
All associated objects should be updated. An appropriate message as to whether the RSVP was successful or not should be displayed.
VIEW RSVPs
When “View RSVPs” is selected, the date, RSVP number, customer name and event id must be displayed for each RSVP. 

Your main class/program (the default one created when you make a new project) will be responsible for creating an 
EventCoordinator object as well as the complete menu system

Ensure that the interface/s generated by your program is user-friendly and gives a professional look. 
